README.md, before:

Topic Embedded Products BSP for the Miami and Florida boards on top of a Linux distribution. The Miami/Florida BSP is basically a lightweight OpenEmbedded based Linux Distribution, allowing you to easily run your applications on the Miami/Florida. It is based on the mainline Linux distribution as well as the Xilinx supported branch.

# Initial setup

```
git clone http://github.com/topic-embedded-products/topic-platform.git
cd topic-platform
git submodule update --init

meta-topic/scripts/init-oe.sh

cd build

# Edit local.conf to match your setup.
vi conf/local.conf

# To build your BSP it is necessary to set the correct MACHINE environment variable. 
# To do this change it in the "profile" script or just export the MACHINE environment 
# before building. Refer to meta-topic/conf/machine for a list of values 
# (e.g. "topic-miami-florida-gen-xc7z030").

# Then build your first image and relax a bit:
source profile
nice bitbake my-image
````

Note that "my-image" was designed to be used with DISTRO=tiny. It
expects to run with busybox-mdev instead of udev.

# Copying to SD-card

The simplest way to boot the resulting image is to copy it onto an SD card. In case you have not yet formatted and partitioned your SD-card yet, execute the following script first. This script partitions and formats an SD card so it can be used directly. This is only required once.

```
cd ~/my-platform/build
sudo ../meta-topic/scripts/partition_sd_card.sh
```

The meta-topic/scripts/install-to-sd* scripts copy the required files to your SD card. You'll have to run these scripts as root, as they require low-level access to the SD card.

```
# Make sure you run the install script for your device (e.g. "install_to_sd_my-miami-7030.sh")
cd ~/my-platform/build
sudo ../meta-topic/scripts/install_to_sd_my-miami-7030.sh
```

# Update
This repository contains links to other repositories.
To bring your local copy of the repository up-to-date and fetch
all the sub-repositories along with it, run the following commands:

```
git pull
git submodule update
```

# Development environment setup
Usually you'll be creating your own recipes and defining your new things. Here's
a reasonable cookbook recipe for that.

```
# Create a GIT repository
mkdir my-project
cd my-project
git init .
# Add topic-platform as a submodule
git submodule add http://github.com/topic-embedded-products/topic-platform.git
# Add other submodules, for example meta-dyplo
git submodule add http://github.com/topic-embedded-products/meta-dyplo.git
# Initialize and fetch everything
git submodule update --init --recursive
# Initialize the OE build environment
source topic-platform/oe-core/oe-init-build-env build topic-platform/bitbake
```

After that, you can start adding your own layer and really begin development...

Commit message:

Move to OE warrior branch, rename boards, add XDP
Upgrades to OpenEmbedded's "warrior" branch.

This renames all the boards to use shorter names, and adds support
for the XDP board (Xilinx Drone Platform).

README.md, after:

# About this repository

Topic Embedded Products BSP for the Miami and Florida boards on top of a Linux distribution. The Miami/Florida BSP is basically a lightweight OpenEmbedded based Linux Distribution, allowing you to easily run your applications on the Miami/Florida. It is based on the mainline Linux distribution as well as the Xilinx supported branch.

## New features

Dynamic loading of devicetree overlays. Inject DT fragments after loading the FPGA code, so drivers can be made built-in. Can detect carriers and expansion boards at runtime and load appropriate drivers and firmware.

## TODO

MPSoC modules cannot boot from QSPI (broken in Xilinx' u-boot fork)

# Initial setup

```
git clone http://github.com/topic-embedded-products/topic-platform.git
cd topic-platform
git submodule update --init

meta-topic/scripts/init-oe.sh

cd build

# Edit local.conf to match your setup.
vi conf/local.conf

# To build your BSP it is necessary to set the correct MACHINE environment variable. 
# To do this change it in the "profile" script or just export the MACHINE environment 
# before building. Refer to meta-topic/conf/machine for a list of values 
# (e.g. "tdkz30" or "tdkzu9" for the Topic Development Kits).

# Then build your first image and relax a bit:
source profile
MACHINE=tdkz30 nice bitbake my-image
````

Note that "my-image" was designed to be used with DISTRO=tiny. It
expects to run with busybox-mdev instead of udev.

# Copying to SD-card

The simplest way to boot the resulting image is to copy it onto an SD card. In case you have not yet formatted and partitioned your SD-card yet, execute the following script first. This script partitions and formats an SD card so it can be used directly. This is only required once.

```
cd ~/my-platform/build
sudo ../meta-topic/scripts/partition_sd_card.sh
```

The meta-topic/scripts/install-to-sd* scripts copy the required files to your SD card. You'll have to run these scripts as root, as they require low-level access to the SD card.

```
# Make sure you run the install script for your device (e.g. "install_to_sd_tdkz30.sh")
cd ~/my-platform/build
sudo ../meta-topic/scripts/install_to_sd_my-tdkz30.sh
```

# Update
This repository contains links to other repositories.
To bring your local copy of the repository up-to-date and fetch
all the sub-repositories along with it, run the following commands:

```
git pull
git submodule update
```

# Development environment setup
Usually you'll be creating your own recipes and defining your new things. Here's
a reasonable cookbook recipe for that.

```
# Create a GIT repository
mkdir my-project
cd my-project
git init .
# Add topic-platform as a submodule
git submodule add http://github.com/topic-embedded-products/topic-platform.git
# Add other submodules, for example meta-dyplo
git submodule add http://github.com/topic-embedded-products/meta-dyplo.git
# Initialize and fetch everything
git submodule update --init --recursive
# Initialize the OE build environment
source topic-platform/oe-core/oe-init-build-env build topic-platform/bitbake
```

After that, you can start adding your own layer and really begin development...
